[15.0] add account_block_payment (#1343)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_block_payment/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

> ==================================
> Block Payment of Invoices
> ==================================

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=========================
Block Payment of Invoices
=========================
```

> This module allow the user to set invoices payment as blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows the user to block the payment of an invoice.
```

> This module allow the user to set invoices payment as blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module allows the user to set invoices payment as blocked.
```

If the user tries to register payment for a blocked invoice, an error will be raised and the user will

> be notified on which invoice payment was blocked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be notified on which invoice the payment was blocked.
```
